a simple marketing tactic that still
works i've been using a marketing tactic
for 10 years now and it still works
today
it's been responsible for me closing
consulting deals that are anywhere from
six figures to even over seven figures
in other words it works
so what is it
it's being interviewed whether it's on
someone's podcast or a blog post or a
video interview the more you're
interviewed the better
here's a simple secret just reach out to
the people who interview other people in
your space and ask them if they want to
interview you
make sure you tell them over email
what you want to talk about other than
your business that provides value to
other people the key to getting accepted
and being interviewed hundreds if not
thousands of times
is that you gotta provide value and
here's the thing
most people don't know this but when you
do a lot of interviews
a lot will get little to no reads or
views or listens it's a numbers game
use the smaller ones as a springboard to
help you get interviewed by bigger and
bigger players eventually your videos or
your podcast interviews or your blog
post interviews when other people are
interviewing you we'll get tons of views
because you're getting interviewed by
bigger publications bigger podcasts
bigger youtube channels so don't worry
about the views in the short run just
make sure that you deliver each and
every single time you're getting
interviewed and have great content
because if your content is mediocre
other people won't want to interview you
it'll actually backfire
eventually creating amazing content will
lead to great branding and business but
you have to be patient and don't get
discouraged if the interviews that you
give have little to no reach now when
you're reaching out to people you're
probably wondering neil how do i find
their email address well you can use
tools like hunter.io that'll give you
people's email address for free so
that'll give you their contact person
and then you're probably wondering neil
how do i convince that person to accept
me in the interview so i may email
someone
hey john i have to say i'm a huge fan of
your podcast i know you've been covering
x y and z topic but you missed a b and c
that i know your listeners will love i
would love to come on your show i've
already discussed these topics here you
can find them on the internet through
this article and this other article and
this other article over here or if you
haven't written any articles by the way
on a side note for you you can talk
about it in that email and then you want
to end up breaking down why they'll love
that content and how it'll benefit them
and you want to end it with
if you want me on the show let me know
it would be my honor huge fan of your
podcast cheers neil it's that simple you
can do something similar for video
interviews you can do something similar
for text-based interviews but it works
try it out don't be discouraged in the
short run if you do this for years it
really compounds and adds up and over
time it'll drive you a lot of business
now if you need help driving sales
whether it's through interviews or pr
check out my ad agency np digital if you
enjoyed this video leave a comment below
if you enjoyed this video like it share
it tell people about it and if you have
any questions leave a comment below